How can you be so sure I can't get up?
Hey, the whole venue is full of Mr. Chen's people
You don't even have the qualifications to go on stage
My tickets and those of the other two judges have been booked
One remaining judge
It is the top traffic in the entertainment industry now.
Talent is also the most popular special on the whole network
5 doesn't cooperate at all
You, a lowly piece of trash, play with him on stage
The saliva of fans can drown you
No ability
Don't invite Chen Tianhou to sing in the Chinese music scene
Chen Yao, whether it is strength or younger brother
Including fans
They are all benchmark people in the Chinese music scene
It is worthy of your identity.
Do you think so too?
Chu Fan, what qualifications do you have?
To accept such a top-notch person
Maybe.
Chen Tianhou bought musical instruments from him
I will definitely arrange today's game for you.
Notify all companies in the entertainment industry Page 3 ends
one person ban
As soon as the major shows start blocking
You have no place in the entertainment industry
No matter how good your relationship with Mr. Wang is
He can't be a waste for you
Offend the entire entertainment industry
Hosting I think you should know by now
What is the water in the entertainment industry?
No strength, background and connections
Even I can't make my dreams come true
I hope you are happy this time.
Lose your own balance
His surname is Chen in this place.
You are taking a good look now
Who else can include you here?